well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so tonight we got to talk about
Alabama Stan say in Alabama Stan because
the legislature there is the Taliban a
gentleman named Dickie Drake introduced
a bill and the state of purpose the bill
is to cut down on false accusations of
sex crimes filing a false report in
Alabama it's already a crime but I guess
the penalties aren't stiff enough so if
you make an allegation of a sex crime
and it's proven false guys found not
guilty
the accuser looking at 10 years in
prison keep in mind a convicted rapist
the average sentence in the US is 9
point 8 years it may also be liable for
the accused legals fees man so when some
bump c'n deputy miss handles evidence
and breaks a chain of custody and the
rapist walks she goes to prison crazy or
win enough maybe a person just has a
credibility problem maybe it's a child
on a youth basketball team
mr. Drake aren't you involved with that
so when one of those kids gets molested
and comes forward and nobody believes
them you throw them in jail this is a
solution to a problem that really
doesn't exist you know studies put the
percentages of false accusations of rape
in the single digits now so it's not
going to accomplish fixing that and
break this already one of the most
underreported crimes in the country it's
not going to solve that but let me tell
you what it is gonna do it's gonna make
every rapist in the country move to
Alabama oh I would not be sending my
daughter to Auburn or the University of
Alabama no way because that's just a
target-rich environment now a careful
rapist who doesn't leave physical
evidence they'll always walk and their
victim will go to prison because Dickie
Drake's friend his ex-wife said
something so he decided to introduce
this bill that's what happened
and that's actually and he didn't even
that's not even hidden he said that he's
introducing this bill because one of his
buddies
I guess the guy's ex-wife claimed that
he abused their kid or something yeah so
now every rapist in the country is gonna
move to Alabama ten years if the
criminal justice system in Alabama is
this flawed this tragically flawed that
false allegations are that much of a
serious problem wouldn't the solution be
to address the criminal justice system
and not put rape victims on trial
wouldn't that make more sense I mean the
idea here is that these false
accusations will they're running amok
and they're ruining people's lives and
they could send somebody to present well
okay so the criminal justice system is
broke you're saying the criminal justice
system is broke but you're just making
the assumption that it's only broke one
way and that guilty rapists don't walk
so he gets to raper and then put her in
prison
I honestly can't believe that this even
made it I can't believe one of this guys
aids didn't just look at him like are
you out of your mind
do you not understand what this is going
to do I understand you're 70 something
years old but people travel you know in
today's age people travel and somebody
of that ilk when you create an
environment in which they can basically
operate freely with no real risk of
being reported you don't think they're
gonna move I would get out Alabama
I really would I would not send my
daughter to the University there because
the frat boys oh man they're gonna love
this they're gonna love this man you
know they've got the best lawyers that's
really what a courtroom in Alabama -
sighs isn't it who's got the best lawyer
not who's telling the truth anyway it's
just a fault y'all have a good night